Only one instance per deployment (#982)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/depl-examples/ubuntu-compose/ubuntu-compose-hetzner.adoc

NOTE: This guide references the latest {version-type} version of Infinite Scale.

> NOTE: With this setup, each deployment can only contain one instance of Infinite Scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: With this setup, each deployment only contains one instance of Infinite Scale.
```
Nit-picking: but one can actually create a deployment with multiple instances with lots of effort.
